Oh change slept what's up here to bring
you another challenge Sunday challenge
huh I'm a little nervous about this one
I don't know if you could see over here
oh here's the sunday challenge one raw
onion weighs just over half a pound and
yeah I'm just gonna see how fast I could
eat it pretty nervous about it never
never tried to do anything like this
before oh yeah I don't really know what
to say I'm just uh pretty nervous about
this but I'm gonna I'm gonna eat it as
fast as I can just like all my other
challenges go hard go hard so I'll put
the timer in after I start and water as
always if anybody wants to recreate this
challenge in any way feel free feel free
to post it as a video response if you
want I should probably have a trash can
or anything just love that okay three
two
what Oh
Oh
ah
haha ok like many other of my challenges
man I really really wanted to do it but
another bite and I was a big ass
freaking onion that was a really big
onion I hate most of it they're not most
of it but over half of it oh oh oh that
was a good sunday breakfast haha don't
like either way see you all there peace
sorry I didn't do it tried really hard
though really did on her
holy shrimp cuz he got in everyday daily
every face